compose '`' 'A' to Agrave
compose '`' 'a' to agrave
compose '\'' 'A' to Aacute
compose '\'' 'a' to aacute
compose '^' 'A' to Acircumflex
compose '^' 'a' to acircumflex
compose '~' 'A' to Atilde
compose '~' 'a' to atilde
compose '"' 'A' to Adiaeresis
compose '"' 'a' to adiaeresis
compose 'O' 'A' to Aring
compose 'o' 'a' to aring
compose '0' 'A' to Aring
compose '0' 'a' to aring
compose 'A' 'A' to Aring
compose 'a' 'a' to aring
compose 'A' 'E' to AE
compose 'a' 'e' to ae
compose ',' 'C' to Ccedilla
compose ',' 'c' to ccedilla
compose '`' 'E' to Egrave
compose '`' 'e' to egrave
compose '\'' 'E' to Eacute
compose '\'' 'e' to eacute
compose '^' 'E' to Ecircumflex
compose '^' 'e' to ecircumflex
compose '"' 'E' to Ediaeresis
compose '"' 'e' to ediaeresis
compose '`' 'I' to Igrave
compose '`' 'i' to igrave
compose '\'' 'I' to Iacute
compose '\'' 'i' to iacute
compose '^' 'I' to Icircumflex
compose '^' 'i' to icircumflex
compose '"' 'I' to Idiaeresis
compose '"' 'i' to idiaeresis
compose '-' 'D' to ETH
compose '-' 'd' to eth
compose '~' 'N' to Ntilde
compose '~' 'n' to ntilde
compose '`' 'O' to Ograve
compose '`' 'o' to ograve
compose '\'' 'O' to Oacute
compose '\'' 'o' to oacute
compose '^' 'O' to Ocircumflex
compose '^' 'o' to ocircumflex
compose '~' 'O' to Otilde
compose '~' 'o' to otilde
compose '"' 'O' to Odiaeresis
compose '"' 'o' to odiaeresis
compose '/' 'O' to Ooblique
compose '/' 'o' to oslash
compose '`' 'U' to Ugrave
compose '`' 'u' to ugrave
compose '\'' 'U' to Uacute
compose '\'' 'u' to uacute
compose '^' 'U' to Ucircumflex
compose '^' 'u' to ucircumflex
compose '"' 'U' to Udiaeresis
compose '"' 'u' to udiaeresis
compose '\'' 'Y' to Yacute
compose '\'' 'y' to yacute
compose 'T' 'H' to THORN
compose 't' 'h' to thorn
compose 's' 's' to ssharp
compose '"' 'y' to ydiaeresis
compose 's' 'z' to ssharp
compose 'i' 'j' to ydiaeresis
